Hey Diane. What are you doing here?
Hi Tim. How are you? I'm waiting for a friend.
I heard you're going to graduate this summer, is that true?
Yes, if everything goes all right, I'll be getting my Bachelor's degree in August. Then I need to start looking for a job. 
I had to do that last year. It wasn't easy. Do you have any job offers?
No, not yet. I sent out a lot of resumés, but I didn't receive many responses.
it's pretty hard to find a job right now. What's your major?
Psychology.
That was my major when I started college, but I switched to engineering after the first year.
I think it's easier for engineers to find a job.
I'm not sure about that. It took me about 3 months to find a job. I finally was able to get a job after I put my resumés on one of those job websites. 
Anyway, it really doesn't matter. If I can't find a job, I'll probably go back to school to get my Master Degree.

hi Jason sorry to bother you I have a question for you
okay what's up I've been having a problem with my computer I know you're an engineer so I thought you might be able to help me
I see what's the problem
I have a file that I can't open for some reason
what type of file is it
it's a Word document I've been working on I need to finish it by tomorrow
were you able to open it before on the computer you're using now
yes I was working on it last night and everything was fine but this morning I couldn't open the file
do you think your computer might have a virus
no I checked and there weren't any
okay I'm not sure what's wrong if it's possible email the file to me and I'll see if I can get it to open
okay I'll do that when I get home are you going to be around tonight
yeah I'll be home after 8: send it to me when you get a chance and I'll call you later 

Hi George, do you know how to get downtown?
Sure, why are you going there?
I want to buy a new computer.
Okay, are you driving?
Yes.
Go straight down this road. When you get to the second light, take a left, then get on the highway and take exit 52.
That sounds really complicated. Can you tell me again which road do I take?
First, you go down this road. Then at the second light, turn left. That road is Main Street.
Okay, I think I've got it now.
Why are you buying a new computer anyway? Didn't you just get one a few months ago?
Yes, but it doesn't work anymore.
Where did you buy it? 
At Walmart.
I think your computer should still be under warranty. You can bring it back to them and they'll fix it for free.
I think you're right, I didn't think about that. I should go talk to them about it. Where's the closest Walmart? 
It's about two blocks from here. I have to go there to get some stuff now anyway, do you want to follow me?
Sure!

Dorothy, what are your plans for Christmas?
Oh yes, it's almost Christmas, isn't it? I'm not sure what I'll be doing then.
Well, if you don't have any plans, your family could have dinner at my house.
That's very nice of you, thanks! Have you finished your shopping yet?
No, I still have to do that. I think I'll go to the mall this weekend.
It's going to be really crowded at the mall. You should shop online.
You're right! My family loves to read, so I can probably get them all presents from amazon.com.
What do you think you'll get your wife?
Probably a romance novel. It seems like she's always reading one of those.
Don't you think you should get her something a little more expensive, like jewelry or maybe a new computer? 
Maybe you're right. It's hard buying gifts. I think my wife has everything she wants. Maybe I should just ask her.

Hey John. Can I talk to you for a minute?
Sure, what's up?
I wanted to let you know about a book club I joined a couple of months ago. I know you do a lot of reading so I thought you might want to come with me next month.
Oh that sounds like fun! When does the group meet?
Usually the last Saturday of the month at 9:30 in the evening. Is that too late for you?
No, I think that's okay. What do you talk about in the group?
Well, every month we choose a new book, and then during the next meeting we discuss it.
What book are you reading now?
The Kite Runner.
I've heard that's a good book. What's it about?
It is a good book. I'm almost finished. Tthe book is about a boy who grows up in Afghanistan during the 1980s. It's called The Kite Runner because the main character takes part in a kite flying competition.
That sounds really interesting! I'd love to come.
Okay, great! The next meeting isn't for another 2 weeks so you still have time to read the book.